Add troubleshooting Promscale section (#682)
timescale/docs: promscale/troubleshooting.md

Consequence: If compression is not working correctly, older chunks might not be getting compressed, and taking up too much room on disk.
Fix: To check that compression is working correctly, query the `prom_info.metric` view and make sure that `total_chunks-number_compressed_chunks` is not larger than 2. If compression is not working correctly: Make sure that you have sufficient background workers (i.e., > number of databases + 2) required to do scheduled jobs like compression and retention. If you are using TimescaleDB version less than 2.0.0, make sure that you are running the maintenance cron jobs, and they are returning success.
Consequence: When compression is working correctly, your data is being compressed as it ages.
For more information about compression, see the [Promscale compression documentaion][promscale-compression].
-->

## The PromQL dashboard doesn't show Promscale data
<!---
Cause: Backfilling data which has not been ingested into Prometheus.
Consequence: The PromQL dashboard does not show Promscale data.

> Fix: Enable the `read_recent` option for Promscale (How??)

Author: The solution to How is configure `read_recent` in Prometheus configuration in `remote_read` section. 

```
remote_read:
  - url: "http://<connector-address>:9201/read"
    read_recent: true
```

# Troubleshooting Promscale
This section covers some common errors or problems you might run into while using
 Promscale.

<!---
* Keep this section in alphabetical order
* Use this format for writing troubleshooting sections:
 - Cause: What causes the problem?
 - Consequence: What does the user see when they hit this problem?
 - Fix/Workaround: What can the user do to fix or work around the problem? Provide a "Resolving" Procedure if required.
 - Result: When the user applies the fix, what is the result when the same action is applied?
* Copy this comment at the top of every troubleshooting page
-->

> ## Backing up Promscale data gives an `out of shared memory` error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Backing up Promscale data gives an "out of shared memory" error
```

@jacobprall - will quotes work here? Inline ticks to not (unless we have another workaround). With back ticks, the heading becomes "Backing up Promscale data gives an"

Author: @ryanbooz the quotes aren't working in the header, so dropped them from this PR. Here is the rendered image with`` in header.

![Screenshot 2022-02-25 at 11 40 27 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25104868/155766567-158bef05-bf17-420e-ab00-e526ddb188c9.png)

For more information, see the
[backup and restore documentation][promscale-backup-restore].

## Data is occupying too much space
Promscale keeps metric data in chunks. The most recent chunk is kept
uncompressed as a cache for faster querying, and chunks are compressed as they
age. If your data is taking up more disk space than expected, compression might
not be working correctly. If compression is not working correctly, older chunks
might not be getting compressed, and they might be taking up too much room on disk. To check
that compression is working correctly, query the `prom_info.metric` view and
make sure that `total_chunks-number_compressed_chunks` is not larger than 2.

If compression is not working correctly, make sure that you have enough
background workers to do scheduled jobs like compression and retention. To
calculate the number of background workers you require, start with the number of
databases you have in your environment, plus 2. If you are using TimescaleDB
version 2.0.0 or earlier, make sure that you are running the maintenance `cron`
jobs, and that they are returning success. When compression is working

> correctly, your data is being compressed as it ages.

Author: @ramonguiu should we add configuring the default chunk_interval from `8h` to `2h` or `4h` to reduce the space consumption as it compresses the uncompressed data quicker than the defaults.

Reviewer 2: I don't think I would recommend changing the chunk_interval for now since this has other consequences.

For more information about compression, see the

> [Promscale compression documentaion][promscale-compression].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Promscale compression documentation][promscale-compression].
```

## The PromQL dashboard doesn't show Promscale data
Backfilling data which has not been ingested into Prometheus can cause the
PromQL dashboard to not show Promscale data.

To fix this error, enable the `read_recent` option for Promscale in the

> Prometheus configuration in remote_read section, This ensures that backfilled

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Prometheus configuration's `remote_read` section. This ensures that backfilled
```

data is shown in the PromQL dashboard:
```yml
remote_read:

>   - url: "http://<connector-address>:9201/read"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - url: "http://<CONNECTOR-ADDRESS>:9201/read"
```

to an error in the batch processor. The trace could be attempting to send
batches of spans that are larger than allowed, so the span is not sent.

To fix this error, check the OpenTelemetry logs for errors like these:
```yml
2021-10-08T12:34:00.360Z        warn    batchprocessor/batch_processor.go:184   Sender failed   {"kind": "processor", "name": "batch", "error": "sending_queue is full"}
```
and:
```yml
2021-10-10T18:49:23.304Z        info    exporterhelper/queued_retry.go:325      Exporting failed. Will retry the request after interval.        {"kind": "exporter", "name": "otlp", "error": "failed to push trace data via OTLP exporter: rpc error: code = DeadlineExceeded desc = context deadline exceeded", "interval": "5.872756134s"}
```

If you are getting these errors, reduce the `send_batch_size` and
`send_batch_max_size` in the OpenTelemetry configuration file. This means that
OpenTelemetry can send batches of spans, even if they are large, and the spans
are shown as expected in the trace.

For more information, see the [batch processor documentation][batch-processor].

[promscale-backup-restore]: FIXME

> [promscale-compression]: FIXME

Reviewer 4: They don't exist yet

# Troubleshooting Promscale

> This section contains some ideas for troubleshooting common problems experienced

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
This section covers some common errors or problems you might run into while using
```

> with Promscale.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
 Promscale.
```

Promscale keeps metric data in chunks. The most recent chunk is kept
uncompressed as a cache for faster querying, and chunks are compressed as they
age. If your data is taking up more disk space than expected, compression might
not be working correctly. If compression is not working correctly, older chunks
might not be getting compressed, and they might be taking up too much room on
disk. To check that compression is working correctly, query the
`prom_info.metric` view and make sure that
`total_chunks-number_compressed_chunks` is not larger than 2.

If compression is not working correctly, make sure that you have enough
background workers to do scheduled jobs like compression and retention. To
calculate the number of background workers you require, start with the number of
databases you have in your environment, plus 2. If you are using TimescaleDB
version 2.0.0 or earlier, make sure that you are running the maintenance `cron`
jobs, and that they are returning success. When compression is working
correctly, your data is being compressed as it ages.

For more information about compression, see the
[Promscale compression documentation][promscale-compression].

> If compression is working properly, check these things:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If compression is working properly, then do the following:
```
